What's up, everybody? It's Cr1TiKaL. I thought it'd be fun if I hopped on Yahoo! Answers today and peruse that cesspool to see if I can offer any helpful advice or answer some troubling questions some of the nine people that still use that site have. So let's just dive right in.
Pregnancy & Parenting: that's my bread and butter. That's my specialty. I'm not an expert in a lot of fields, but when it comes to pregnancy and parenting, I'm a fucking connoisseur. I wrote the book on how to be a good parent and a good pregnant person. So let's see what we've got here. Let's see if I can diarrhea out my cornucopia of knowledge in the subject and help some people.
Also, I need to make it clear I don't have a Yahoo! account because I'm not stupid. I don't want to just have all of my personal information leaked because of Yahoo!, so I'm just going to answer these questions in this video and hope the people that asked the questions find this video.
There we go, perfect. This seems easy enough.

"Don't tell anyone I cried today, OK?"
Okay, you've got it. That'll be our little secret.

"What's it mean if as a man is touching your body he is able to know that you are on your period? -- He didn't feel a pad, just from my legs, etc."
It means you found a superhero. Probably not one of Stan Lee's best creations. I don't really see the benefit of a superhero that could know when a girl's on her period. Not exactly something that would help fight crime. This actually sounds like some type of lame party trick a college student would use: "Ah, hello ladies! Gather around! I can tell which one of you is on your period and which one isn't, by just grabbing your ass cheeks! Please, I have 50% accuracy with this, I'm pretty good!"

"Have you ideas for keeping teenagers from being a nuisance on the streets? -- Update: our local kids hang out new the local McDonald's, but they have been banned. They need something to do that is inexpensive, keeps them safe and reasonably warm in the winter."
Fuck...They're just kicking them out onto the streets or something? I'm very confused right now.
"They also need to want to be there, if you know what I mean. Just looking for ideas for kids who don't want to be too organized."
What the fuck are you asking for advice on? What are the answers here? "Don't let them drive"? Is that the answer to this riddle? I don't know, I can't help you with this one. What does this have to do with pregnancy?

"Did you get semen shot in your mouth last night?"
No.

"Is yellow poop good to drink?"
Well, you see, there's always been this saying in my family when it comes to eating shit: "If it's brown, go to town. If it's yellow, hold on a second, fellow!"

"Why do cows have so many penis? -- Cows have four penis. If one of them front ones touch a back one, is cow's milk gay?"
You see, I don't think this question was asked in genuine curiosity...because cows have five penises, and at no point if those penises touch is it gay, since it's the cow's penises. If I had two dicks, I'd slap them together like those thunder sticks you hear at hockey games. It's not gay if it's your dicks.

The sheer amount of people asking the same question here: "Did I lose my virginity?" "Did I get her pregnant?" "I was moving wiener close to vagina, touch vagina, went inside of vagina fully, I came inside vagina, is...did I lose virginity? And is she...are we pregnant?" Fuck. I've seen so many of these. I want some good questions, damn it.

"My son calls himself Jizzle? -- He's 22. Is this normal?"
Yeah, it's perfectly normal behavior. I'm 22 and I'll sometimes call myself Turbozle.

"Are you disqualified from a farting contest if you poop yourself?"
Unfortunately I haven't really brushed up on farting contest rules in quite a while, however I don't think that would be grounds for disqualification, more or less just a redo, perhaps a mulligan, even. I assume it's just an accident that can happen in the line of duty here. It's just part of playing the sport, part of the risk involved. You never know when you might gamble on the fart and lose.

But, you know, I think I've helped out a lot of people here today on Yahoo! Answers. Hopefully these people see this video and have their questions answered. Yeah, that's it, see you.