What's up, everybody? It's Cr1TiKaL, and it's that time again, that special time where glory-hole operator Charlie hits Yahoo! Answers again, and tries to help people out. This time, I'm going to the Family & Relationships section, to see what helpful advice I can offer.

"How to get better at sucking dick...?"
I'll just go ahead and leave my phone number in the comments on this one.

"How do you help my wife stop choking on my cock when she performs oral?"
It sounds like she needs a smaller cock to suck on, so I'll go ahead and leave my phone number on the comments of this one as well.

"Should I have sex with all of my 20-year-old daughter's friends?"
I like how it's not "should I have sex with some of my daughter's friends". This man is so confident himself, that he can fuck all 20 of his daughter's friends. You know what? If you're that confident, go for it, buddy. That's up to you. I don't think your daughter's going to be too pleased, but imagine the comebacks you would have if you ever argued with her. You would be unbeatable, because you'd always have that trump card. "Oh yeah, Susan, huh? I'm a washed-up has-been? I fucked all of your friends, did you forget that? Every single one of them!"

"Do you think one of these boobs would be too big for your palm?"
Well, I can't say for sure, since no pictures are provided, so I'll just give you the dimensions of my palm: it's about the size of two chicken tenders touching end to end, so you do the math. Put chicken tenders on your tit and see if it would fit. I can't really say for sure.

"I'm still a virgin, I have high standards, sorry?"
No need to be sorry, I forgive you. It's okay.

"Is it wrong to watch incest porn?"
I don't really need to read any more of what you've said here. However, just know a wise man once said, "It's not incest porn if the sound's off. Then it's just porn."

"Poll: did u know I banged your mom right up her black arsehole?"
Yeah, you and everyone else on Xbox Live, buddy. Take a number, get in line.

"Is it okay to shave your 15-year-old child's genitals?"
Shit, that's a lot of reading there. I don't really feel like reading your whole story there, so I'm just going to answer this question at face value. No, there's nothing wrong with that. My father used to shave me up until I was 18. I remember those days. Those were the good days. We would put on our football helmets, and then I'd bend over in the bathroom like I was the sinner and he was the quarterback, and I'd hike up the razor between my legs and then just display my chocolate starfish. Then he just shaved my asshole really nicely, and then I'd stand up, he'd spank me on the ass, say "good game" and then we'd headbutt each other with our football helmets on.

"Is it bad to make myself throw up, so I won't have to hang out with my friends? -- I made myself throw up, so I would have an excuse to not hang out with my friends so I can just play video games... Is this a really weird/bad thing to do? Am I anti-social?"
No, you're just fucking stupid. Why would you even bother making yourself throw up? Just say "hey, I threw up". Are they going to dispute you? Did you send a picture of your vomit or something? Why did you have to go through those steps? You're a real fucking method actor, kid. Come on. Be smarter than that.

"I choked on my boyfriend's c um when I was giving him head, he didn't warn me, and he was laughing saying sorry, his balls were full? -- Was he right?"
Well, this really isn't a matter of right or wrong. You've got to learn to swallow it. Spitters are quitters. Swallow that shit. Come on. Take one for the team. Whether or not his balls were full, that can be up to the scientific professionals to decide.

"How to surprise my husband? -- My husband and I have been married, going on eight years. We have 4 amazing children and a wonderful relationship. We also have a phenomenal sex life (hence the 4 kids)."
Ugh. The world's already overpopulated as it is. Stop having so many fucking children.
"This being said, we have been together 8 years, so I'm pretty much out of tricks and surprises in the bedroom. We are going to have some 'us time' tonight, and I'd love to blow him away (pun intended). Any kinky/fun tips? Preferably from men, but if any women know of something that their man loved, I'll take all the advice I can get! Thanks!"
Well, I think the best thing you can do here is redecorate the whole house in an anime-style fashion. I'm talking posters on the wall, a bunch of manga, you know, some DVD box sets of some very popular animes. And then, when he gets home, and he's pretty excited about what he sees, he loves the redecorating, that's when you come out of the bedroom in a full My Valentine from Yu-Gi-Oh cosplay and you challenge him to a duel in the bedroom, and then you play Yu-Gi-Oh for a little while. He'll certainly see none of it coming, so I'm sure he'll enjoy it as well. That ought to spice things up a bit.