What's up, everybody? It's Cr1TiKaL, professional reptile psychologist, and it's time I take my expertise right back to Yahoo! Answers and see how many people I can help out here today. All right, so my original intention was to go to the Beauty & Style section and help out in that aspect. However, going there is nothing but people posting pictures of their titties, pussies, and wieners, and asking us to rate them. So I'm just going to explore a lot of different categories this time around.

"Do you have big beautiful t.itties?"
I don't know if he's referring to some type of ancient philosopher in this question, T. Itties, or if he's just asking if I have big breasts.

"Would it be easier to walk on one leg or three legs? -- I am sick of having two legs and was wondering if I should get rid of a leg or add a leg to my body."
I didn't know Mr. Potato Head posted on the Yahoo! Answers forum here. Man, you just fucking snap off a leg or put one on. Honestly, I think it'd probably be easier with three legs. I don't know. You'd look like some type of weird spore creation, but it probably would be easier.

"Can I shove a football into my butt?"
You can shove anything into your butt, as long as you're committed to the art. I don't know if you've been practicing any anus stretching activities, but I'd recommend working your way up to the football. Start with something small, like a strawberry, and then gradually increase on the scale: go up to pineapples, and then dabble in footballs and other types of large objects. Now, this question is pretty innocent enough. I've asked this question a lot, I used to talk to my parents about this one. But for some reason, one Yahoo! Answers poster -- this was the straw that broke the camel's back here. They just fucking exploded. "Fuck you, Yahoo! Answers. I hope you puke your stomach inside out and die from choking on this piece of shit site." This must have brought up some bad memories for this person. They came on here for some real questions, where they could offer some real knowledge, and help real people, not come on here and talk about footballs and assholes.

"Did Jesus ever suck dick for meth or food stamps?"
Really asking the hard-hitting questions here. It's never really been directly addressed in any of the Testaments, so I guess it's open for interpretation. I don't think he'd suck dick for meth, though. It was simpler times back then. Meth was plentiful: they grew it on their farms and they had it in their classrooms. If you wanted meth, you could simply ask for it, there'd be no need to suck some penis for it. But then again, I'm not a religious expert here, so maybe he did. Maybe he was just like people today, who start sucking dick for meth or food stamps, but then they keep sucking dick just for the love of the sport.

"My husband keeps buying porn? -- He spends hundreds of dollars on porn, and this has been going on for 6 months now. He promised to not purchase any more porn and yet I still found receipts from an online store on our bank statement. How should I approach this?"
Well, start with the easiest thing here. Call him stupid for paying for porn. Are you dating a fucking Neanderthal? Who's paying for porn these days? Dump this homunculus. Are you kidding me? Goodness gracious, did I time travel back to 2003? Paying for porn. You've gotten me fucked up. Now, you need to understand that some people are addicted to different things: some people are addicted to porn, some people are addicted to the make-up they put on the animal actors in Hollywood movies. Your best bet in putting the kibosh on this is just to sit him down and laugh in his face for paying for it.

"Semen Live?"
I love the title of this question. It's like some type of web cam service, or maybe a spin-off of Xbox Live, since that's starting to go under. "Ah, yes, only available on Semen Live: the new Call of Duty."
"If I put fresh nre semen, which is alive, came straight from my penis, and put it in the fridge (not freezer) how long would the sperm live? I'm not and NEVER going to do that, I just want to know how long they live. Thanks."
Yeah, I'm sure you're never going to do that, mmm-hmm. Just like I never did it. Hah! Truthfully, I don't know how long they'll live. It's not like it's a food you'd buy at a grocery store with a best-by date. I guess you just have to eyeball it and see.

I think I've given enough helpful advice on here today. This is professional motorcycle masseuse Cr1TiKaL checking out. That's it. See you.