He's definitely not human. He's a reptilian. Reptilian. Reptilians are well-known for their coin tricks. Yeah, I'm going in with a 50/50 shot. Let's fucking roll these dice. Hello, Daniel, I'm coming in with a 50% chance of success. I'm not too confident, but I'll try anyway. My chances have gone down to 34%, Daniel. I care about you. You matter to me! "Sacrifice self"? That's it. I'm sacrificing myself. Game over. How long was this game supposed to be, 20 hours? I just beat the whole game in 30 fucking minutes...less. Fucking scarred her for life. Enjoy that PTSD, trooper! "Mission successful", though! And they said I only had 50% chance of success. How about that? How about that? Am I the best in the business at being a hostage negotiator? Probably. That's why I'm out here saving lives. Let's check out the flowchart. You fucking suck, please turn off the game -- from David Cage.

Is anyone selling any bootleg DVDs? How about free? How about no payment? Fucking quantumly beamed it through his eyes. Fine, I will take it, asshole. Just doing some dumbbell curls with it. Why would anyone give androids personalities knowing full well what movies have taught us? Look at those three. They don't like being androids, because we programmed them not to like it. We gave them teenage angst. Why is this such an important event in my timespan here, my flowchart, "Markus took the bus"? Woo-hoo, Markus's first bus ride! Put it on the fridge! Where's the scrapbook? Fuck yeah.

What the fuck do I do with this, smother him with it? Just beat him to death? I brought your basket, you alcoholic shithead! Would you like some company? No, I don't want to use that brand. ...But I'll have to. Because she didn't give me any choices in brand. What is this? Looks like what you'd find in the vacuum after a hard day of vacuuming. And a condom? Sick fucking weirdo. Who would have guessed he'd be a bad guy? He looks like a normal nice guy. You stay the fuck away from that laundry detergent, but please wash my laundry. Why the fuck aren't you using the laundry detergent? You stay the fuck away from that laundry detergent. Easy. Roll credits, that's game over. What were the urgent tasks? Just taking the trash out. Fuck this guy, now I'm not going to be nice and clean. He can suck my fucking clitoris. Do some kettlebell lifts here. What's going on, Todd? Have you OD'd on the couch yet? I'm just going to block his hockey game. Fuck you, Todd. Oh, it won't happen again? It won't happen again...? Oh. Thanks, David Cage. "All Sports"? I think the action was I could take the gun. Fuck. I don't want to make his bed, I just want to go down there and put a bullet in his skull. Alice, you don't want to see what I'm about to do to your abusive alcoholic father. But trust me, I am doing it for your own good. I'll turn on cartoons for you. Wait, these are not cartoons, it's All Sports again. Well, I didn't exactly clean it, I just put it back exactly how it was. Todd, I'm getting the gun. Yeah, let me go in there where he just took a hard fucking shit. Like, why wouldn't I wait a minute or two? Why would I need to go in there while it's still like freshly soiled? Ventilation inbound!... It's a bit sporadic for what registers in that movement. I actually said that verbatim. Rewind my stream, Todd, I called you a fucking loser verbatim.

Hello, I brought the pizza. Same thing, really. Even androids took bird jobs. Carl, I'm not going to administer this because you're looking at me so goddamn cute. I could stare into your eyes forever, Carl. I'm taking this frame by frame. I don't want him to pull a muscle or anything, he's an old man. Look how cute that is, babe. He looks like a father holding his newborn baby for the first time. He's covered in amniotic fluid and he's just giving this neutral smile. That's so cute, babe. That's cute as fuck. I thought he was going to take him out of the window. Morning, Carl! Just fucking drop him from the third floor. You don't eat today, Carl. Hey, Carl, look at what I made you. Looks good? You can't get it. One more sneak peek...no, that's not yours. Oh, it's like an actual mini-game. Hey, Carl, how does Through the Fire and the Flames sound to you? I trust you, Carl, but why are my pants down? Carl, this doesn't feel like a canvas. Are these nipples, Carl? Is your shirt off? No addiction. Yeah, you don't care about my drug addiction! Carl, I've come up with a new painting. How about "loser fucking son"? I can draw that one.

This is not the same Connor that I killed. Excuse me, sacrificed -- I didn't kill him. Hello, you might be wondering how I'm still alive after I was self-sacrificed. Truthfully I don't know. Oh, I didn't scan this dusty old homeless man. It's this guy. God damn it. If one more person calls me plastic I'm flipping tables. But I am going to buy...spill his drink! Connor, spit in his mouth. Connor, take his money on the way out. Lieutenant Anderson has a small penis. Please step away from Lieutenant Anderson and his small penis. Lieutenant Anderson and his small penis have arrived on scene. Is there anything I can help you with? I'm kidding, I'm not helping you, Hank -- excuse me -- Lieutenant Anderson. 5 foot 6? Damn. We lost another member of the 5' 6" master race. Rest in peace, Carlos, you didn't deserve this. I knew he'd taste it. That's how androids work, babe. Wait, twenty-eight knife wounds? How angry was this man? It looks like the perpetrator had feet...it's a model K2 foot. What does it say, "bang bus"? "RAR"? "Rawr XD"? I shudder to think that that's a statue made out of his own fucking feces, but I think it is. Yep, that's human poopy. No, that's poop. That's three-week-old dried shit right there. Trust me, I've seen it before. Connor, give a taste test. Is it shit? ...And what did he eat three weeks ago? "Signs of a struggle"? You don't say. The man was stabbed 28 fucking times, I think there'd be a bit of a struggle. I am being the RoboCop here. Look at this fucking cool maneuver right here. It looks like the world's smallest ghost tossed him a baseball bat that he grabbed and made a run for in the end zone. He looks like Santa Claus. "Android sex officially better"? What? Is this...Is this one of those pornos? Eww, disgusting! I might have to look into this a bit more. No no no, words? Next. No no no no. There's even ads in porn magazines in a game! I think Carlos might have instigated it...or maybe he was fighting back. He was defending himself. I mean, 28 times stabbing is a little more than self-defense. I'm not here to hurt you, but in self-defense I might cut your dick off, eat it, and then...slice off your head...in the name of self-defense. Hello there.

You're talking about right here, right? I'm going to follow a different path. Todd, you will eat in the darkness and you will fucking like it. I don't want you to see the spit that I put in your spaghetti. I'm just going to lay down on the couch. Eat shit, Todd. So she's achieved free will, it seems. Hello, Todd. Since you didn't eat your spaghetti, I'm serving a new dish: it's lead.

Do you want to kiss me? ... Intervene! Kiss me! That's what I thought, pussy.

Which one of you pussies is compatible with my software? Show me your asshole, so I can taste it. Wow, I didn't expect her titties to be compatible.