Listen up ladies, and gentlemen. What do all men have?
Penises, that's right. What do some men have? Friends, that's right, you're two for two now. But here comes the final jeopardy, the Gordian knot you must cut: if a man and his friend that is also a man are in the same room, how many dicks are present? Yes again, two dicks!
Now let's say one of those cocks belongs to your boyfriend, the other belongs to a man you've secretly had a crush on since late high school ever since physics class, and now the three of you have come together after Thanksgiving and decided you want to engage in sexual acts together as a threesome. It can be overwhelming.
Enter the Dual Handjob Trainer, brought to you by Wonder Arms: it's in the game. The Dual Handjob Trainer will teach you proper dual handjob form and instill in you the best possible dual handjob technique. The technique known by experts as the stinky dishwasher. Practicing for just minutes a day will have you jerking wieners like a champion in no time.
Uh-oh, are you being attacked by two levitating men with erect penises? Well, luckily, the Dual Handjob taught you the perfect defense here, the ultimate technique for dealing with a situation like this one. It'll allow you to target the hard-to-reach areas. So grab them by the womb broom and go zoom-zoom with turbo mode!
Don't be afraid to go wild and try the Dual Handjob Trainer in a lot of different positions, such as the Semen Shower Express here. I'll be real fucking honest with you: we didn't even invent this thing, we found it at Area 51's top secret laboratories. If the aliens are using it, why aren't we? Engage your biceps, triceps, shoulders, and titties, and prepare for the best creampie of your life!
So to all of you out there that are going through wikiHows day and night following all the steps on how to give a proper dual handjob but the results just aren't showing, now you've got your fucking answer here, your savior! So please, ladies, gentlemen, two handjobs are a two-hand job. You're going to need some proper training.