Hi, everybody. Today I'm here for a really quick video to discuss something that I just don't understand.
So, what I've never understood growing up, is whenever someone finds out that you're gay, like someone just finds that you're gay, or you tell them you're gay, they instantly think about you having gay sex.
Especially when it comes to homophobic people, I've been there growing up, it happened quite a lot in school, and, you know, when someone found out that you were gay, it was like, "oh, you like it up the arse, you take it up the chuff, don't you? you like it in the ass, don't you? ha ha, gay boy", and it's completely ridiculous because I'm going to tell you a little secret now, that you might not know about gay people, but...not all gay people like anal sex.
What? I need to sit down.
And it completely boggles my mind, like, why are you thinking about something if you don't like it? Like why...Why are you sitting there thinking about two gay men having sex if you don't like it? I'm starting to think that these people actually want to have anal sex and they can't do it because actually, they're like "oh no, someone might find out that I'm actually gay, someone's taking the piss out of these other people who are gay because I can't express it myself!"
And not only that -- I want to point out that actually two gay men having sex, that is gay, but if a girl's doing it to you, that's not actually gay, that's just called sex.
And actually, a lot of straight men probably would enjoy anal sex if they opened their mind up to it, because, you know, play with that prostate, bitch, like seriously, then you'll have a lot of fun.
It's like when I see a straight couple, I don't instantly think "oh, he goes down on her". No, because I don't like it! Why would I spend my time thinking about something I don't like? It makes no sense. No sense.
So, just before I go, I do want to leave you with a final message to any homophobic people out there, or anyone who just thinks about two men having sex as soon as you find out someone's gay: if you don't like gay sex, don't have it!
Hope you have a nice day.