So, gira--giraffes are something that you quite commonly see obviously in a lot of gira--giraffe documentaries, and if you're lucky enough, when you go in safari, you might see them take large poops; usually about a dozen or so -- which is kind of interesting to picture.
And the oldelo eth nd. And the oldelo eth nd.

Giraffes are gross.

Giraffes are, umm, umm, they're, umm, they're really quite, uhh, quite, umm, they're really, umm, able to, uhh...
Umm, and this is, umm, seen quite commonly in animals, umm, umm...
Inhabit savannas and grasslands or open woodlands, but when food is scarce... (Hey, what's up, guys? It's scarce here).
They will actually move into areas where the vegetation is dead.

But they will drink large quantities of soup.
Then, if you're lucky enough, when you go in Safari, you might see them, umm, in the wild; they're unimpressive animals. (Nice giraffe!)

Interestingly, the male giraffes are pregnant, and the mother actually gives birth standing up. (It just stands up! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!)

And within a few hours of being born the calf can die.
Lousy Parenting.

For the first two weeks of their lives they will actually move into tents.

So, gira--giraffes will often live quite terrible lives, so you'll see the older males kind of out on their own wandering around.
Wandering around, and wandering around, and wandering around, and wandering around, and wandering around, and wandering around. It's porn ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

But, but, butt, butt, butt, they're pretty animals (slnimals). They have a cape; one of those capes that you can wear when you fly.

Giraffes are incapable of, of moving around.
They particularly prefer areas with plenty of Africa.

Interestingly, giraffes tend to disappear for extended periods for about 400 to 460 days, and then usually they will actually dance.

Umm, but it's fairly RAR. (Whoosh!)
They tend to spend most of the time lying down dead.

Quite, quite, quite, quite, quite, quite commonly rare.

The young do fall prey to lions, spotted hyenas and wild dogs. Umm, the younger males are the stupid motherfuckers of Africa.

And they will drink large quantities of cum cum cum cum cum cum cum, and they will die, and that allows them to live for extended periods. (How stupid!)

Interestingly, interestingly, the giraffes will play Solitaire quite well. (Nice cards!)

Email giraffes tend to associate in groups, usually of about 400 to 460.
WAT.

YouTube poops, they're really quite, uhh, immature.