What's up, everybody? It's Cr1TiKaL. I'm playing Safety Driving Simulator Moto for the PC. Let's do this shit.
I don't really want a road motorcycle.
I don't really know what an enduro motorcycle is.
Fuck you, road motorcycle, I don't want you.
I'll take the scooter. Nothing says moist vagina like a scooter.
We look pretty safe here, some rabbit ears...Let's do it.
"Alcoholics". I'm assuming that pizza delivery man that waved at me over there is an alcoholic, so that's not very nice. You're not an alcoholic after one beer, though, son.
Or one glass of wine.
Are you really off-balance after one cocktail? You're a fucking lightweight. You call yourself an alcoholic? You should be ashamed.
One drink, you're still off-balance? Come on, pal! Get your head in the game.
Four beers? I drink that many beers taking a shit!
Oh, you better be dancing over there and not actually that off-balance after only two beers and two drinks! You disappoint me.
Six glasses of wine? Let's calm down there, Robert Parker, Jr.
We're getting a little better here. Four drinks, two cocktails, all right, that's not bad.
Now we're fucking talking! What we're fucking talking about! Now we can make a responsible decision!

Am I being looked at by a pirate through a spyglass? This doesn't simulate being drunk, this simulates being stalked. Now my scooter's stalling, this is terrific. Oh, there we go. All right. We're back on track.
Okay, the controls are extremely unresponsive. I don't know if it's because the game is not well-made or because of all the alcohol. But either way, we're cruising now. Oh, fuck! Oh, yeah. Narrowly avoided that...Shit! Are we still good? No, we're good.
Good afternoon, fellow sober citizens. It's a very nice day out here. Oh, shit. What is this? How the fuck are these buildings so close together? Are they closing in on each other? Am I Indiana Jones on a scooter?
Elbow and shoulder boo-boos? That sounds serious.

She handles alcohol pretty well, actually. A lot better than the dude.
She does not seem to handle a fat joint very well.
How about hallucinogenic? She's imagining sniper laser dot sights around her.
Three joints. Oh, yeah, she's bogging now.
One cocaine...Oh, goodness me. That got the best of her there. She's throwing her arm through her body. That's a really fucking weird straw. It's like one of those candy drinking straws you can eat.
One amphetamine? She's still doing about the same thing.
Four? I'm surprised she hasn't exploded yet.
Wow, three lines? She's going to melt, or turn into ash.
One ecstasy? She ought to be all right.
There's the full house. It's not bad, though. I feel like a lot of people can do that by accident on their way to work or something.

Wow, what is that, the sun behind her? Okay, now the sun's following her. It's probably all the "cocaines" that she has in her system. She's got some cocaines in there, a lot of cocaines. At least fifty thousand cocaines. Oh, shit, shit, shit! There we go, avoided the collision and I'm still on the road. Pardon me, ma'am, can you please get off the road? Oh, what the fuck?
She clotheslined me. You saw it, she stuck her elbow out!
"Encefalon injuries", from riding a moped at three miles an hour? She must have really clobbered me with a steel elbow. And they spelled encephalon wrong. Looks like they're trying to jump-start this poor woman too. She's not a fucking car, she's a human being.

I'm sober as a gopher and I still can't fucking turn this thing worth...Shit. Fuck! Did you watch where you were going, ass? Oh, goodness. Look at his neck. That is a neck injury.
Oh, what am I talking about? Clearly I'm wrong. It was obviously a pulmonary injury. His head just popped off like a Lego, that's all.

You're driving like a maniac, ambulance. Come on, now. His leg just fell off.
Oh, check it out. "Leg amputation". I was actually right in my diagnosis this time. Half expected it to be a pulmonary injury again.

Oh, yes, okay. Perfect. Where did my dick go? Why can I see through my pelvis?

I am the master of motorcycles, leader of the Nuns of Anarchy. Oh, are you serious? Get off the...Wow. You son of a bitch. Drove right over my arrow!
Wow, what is that about?

It is very hard to control a vehicle after bumping three lines of coke. Oh, there we go, I'm on the right side of the road again, no one suspects a thing. I'm on the sidewalk now, this is a little suspicious. Keep this to yourself, sir...
Wow. That was really fucking brutal! Thank you. Oh, good, "encefalon injuries" again! I wasn't even moving this time on my toy bicycle! Did you hit me with a stone cold stunner when I wasn't looking?

How do you like me now, DEA agent?
He has been well-trained. I should have expected nothing less.
Oh, of course it's an "encefalon" injury. What else could it possibly be? That man is the Santa Claus of encefalon injuries, he just gives them away as gifts!

A lesser motorcycle operator may have fallen victim to the bend in that road, but not me. I bend over for the road. I'm the king of the...Fucking son of a bitch. Oh, I could only wonder what injury this is going to be.
...Are you assholing my cockhead? My hand and arm were the only things injured in that? My head went inside of my body like a turtle into its shell and you're telling me that wasn't an encefalon injury, an actual injury to the head? I mean, who am I to question the decision of a professional? But I believe the doctor may have made a mistake here.

Oh, what? Wow, to infinity and beyond, I suppose. This is supposed to be a safety driving simulator, why are there curbs made out of rubber? Just fucking bounced right off it.

Ah! Oh, my legs are apart, they're not even attached to my hips anymore.

What does it mean to be truly safe? Is it how you avoid danger, or how you face danger with eyes open and a dick erect? I feel it's the latter. What I do, I do for my bike.
Holy shit.
Oh, cardiac arrest, you say? That's how we died? This is the fucking worst doctor on the planet, he's just pulling shit out of his ass! "Umm...he died from...titty deflation!"

This is like driving down a bowling lane with the bumpers up. You are a sick, twisted individual, do you know that? Did you not see me coming down there? The sidewalk is part of the road in this part of town, apparently. It's so fucking narrow.

I guess there's just snow in this one little area. It must have been very angry with this part of grass. What the fuck? Oh, I must have hit a small glacier.

Ooh, clear for take-off. That's what I'm fucking talking about. Oh, awesome, right before I hit the ground.
Are you sure it was cardiac arrest? It may have been trauma to the nipples. I wouldn't rule out that possibility yet, doctor. We need an autopsy.

Ooh, that's a big hit. The fuck do you think you're doing, sir? Can you please put both hands on the steering wheel? Can we be a little safe out here, please? Got a real daredevil on our hands.

Oh, yes. Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm. Yes. That was not a wall.

His arm flew off. Splendid.
Oh, pardon me. It was his leg.

All right, well, I think I'm done playing this.
Well, that's the end of this video. Remember to rate the video, comment the video, and subscribe if you want to see videos similar to this one. See you.