Squats are a girl's best friend. Incoming colonoscopy...blblblb!
You squat and it hurts. You squat for Fred Durst. But the workout is just too hard. You dream of an ass, but you cream on the glass. What are you to do? Why can't you drop that fucking tuchus down low?
Well, say hello to the Squat Magic, your one-stop shop for prolapsed anus. From the makers of the Ass Pounder 4000 comes the Squat Magic revolution. It's a cushion Sybian sex machine that really gets you that ass you've been looking for. But don't just take my word for it. Look at all these happy ass blasters up here.
I bet your dumb pancake ass is asking, what's the secret in this Krabby Patty secret formula? Well, it's our Squat Assistive Technology, or SAT for short. But I guess you could say SHAT, because if you buy this piece of shit, you've basically just shat your money down the toilet.
This is the squat perfected. Your ass goes down, your ass goes up, I don't care where the fuck your ass goes, because our piston-powered rim ramming hammer's going to follow it around ramming your rim.
At Squat Magic HQ, we go by the three N's: No strain, No struggle, No workout/No weight loss and muscle gain.
So don't let your workouts fuck up your joints anymore, just let your workouts fuck you. Use the Squat Magic.
The Squat Magic takes the "work" out of workout, so you're left with just the "out", for "out of your fucking mind for buying this thing".
It's called the Squat Magic, but you don't have to go to Hogwarts to learn this spell. Wingardium Levi-oh my god, look at your ass now.
But wait, I haven't even got to the best part! It comes ready-assembled, which means it's ready to be assembled, and trust me, it's a bitch to assemble!
Instant results! The second you lay your flabby, wrinkly ass on this bad boy, your ass will sprout wings and look like something out of an anime. So get ready to have yourself a squatting-themed birthday party this year.
Here's Harlan Post: like the Huffington Post, but even more unreliable. He preaches the good word of the Squat Magic, so you know you can never trust this man for anything anymore.
Here's some asses outside. And here's some asses on the Squat Magic. And there's just an ass next to a Squat Magic! So much ass, even if you don't buy this thing, at least you're getting your fill of asses, and these asses are getting their fill of fisting with three different resistance levels!
It's great for all ages and all fitness levels because it's genuinely doing nothing. Here's Nancy's before-and-after, and here's Nancy.
Here's the Squat Magic on a beach. It's like riding a mechanical bull, if the bull was butt-fucking your asshole real good.
Here's more asses.
It's time to stop with the Moon Pie enemas leading to a fat ass. It's time to master the squat. So let me ask you: do you believe in magic?
Squat Magic. Fuck yourself. Literally.