That's your foot. You hate that foot. You have feet that you just can't stand.
You rub and you scrub, you shit in your tub, but your feet, they never get cleaned. So you scrub them some more, and my mom's at your door and she brought you the solution: it's Easy Feet.
The apotheosis of foot technology; the next great leap forward for feet, and if you think otherwise, your mouths are wrong. With over 1,000 bristles, this will clean more than just your feet, this will clean your soul.
This may look like a snowman bukkake, but it's actually cleaning the foot. It's not just foot fetishism porn. It's foot porn. It even comes with this rock that I found outside.
The proof is in my asshole: look on the left, that's before. Look on the right, that's an after. Which one's easier? You be the judge.

Hello, my name is Jody M, but my friends call me M. I'm a woman with two feet, and as a woman with two feet I can say I'm better than women with one. But having two feet isn't without its burden: I must clean them. It's as J. Jonah Jameson of the Daily Bugle once said: "Fuck, I need pictures of Spider-Man."

Here's how it works, in case your eyes were closed. It's pretty self-explanatory. Don't know if we needed the 3D graphic, but we already paid the team.
And here it is in real time, no CGI. It cleans between your toes, are you still not sold?

Hello, my name is Barbara M, but my friends call me M. I haven't been able to touch my feet since 1968, but sometimes I'll sit on the Easy Feet to scrub my ass. It goes where toilet paper is afraid to.

It's secure to any shower. Any shower would look at the Easy Feet and say, "Damn, yeah, there's no insecurity in that motherfucker". Tubs, walls will think the same thing. The Easy Feet is confident.
It'll clean your foot. It'll do a great job. It's like a little car wash for your little toes and your little foot there. And the best part is how cool you'll look while you're doing it, just when you thought Crocs were the dopest shit.
So don't be afraid, slide that grease on in the Easy Feet. Gone are the days of snorting bath salts from your old racquetball tennis shoes in the shower.

Hello, my name is Vonda F. You know me from the hit television show Fairly OddParents with Cosmo and "Vonda". I just love the Easy Feet, but fuck you.

Hello, I'm David B.

The Easy Feet is great for douchebags of all shapes and all sizes. Use it in every tub and every shower you ever see. Get it for your friends, get it for your family, get it for yourself. Treat yourself like royalty.
No more fucking around with the used cum rag on your feet. Now you can use the Easy Feet to catch your cum and clean it too.
The Easy Feet. It doesn't matter how slutty your feet are, there ain't nothing wrong with those feet being easy.
And now there's two of them. We've got ourselves a little orgy going with these feet here! You get two Easy Feets for the price of one. You've got two feet, you're going to need two of these bad boys. I don't know what you're waiting for. Go ahead and call now.