Attention: if you have trouble sleeping this commercial will change your life. But if you and your husband beat the shit out of your pillows for no reason, I'm sorry, you're hopeless, you're lunatics and we have nothing for you.
Introducing the Sobakawa Pillow -- all-natural buckwheat pillow. I say buckwheat, you say fucktreat, because this thing is a fucking treat.
This naughty boy comes equipped with adjustable support technology. Let's show your dumb ass how it works. You lay down and you think of all the debilitating conditions you have. That information is then quantumly beamed into the buckwheat fibers and the buckwheat will never forget it. The buckwheat will remember. And here's the world's largest hornet's nest.
Whoops, looks like you just got stone cold stunnered onto our Sobakawa Buckwheat Pillow. Don't worry, it didn't sever your spine, but it still hurt like a motherfucker.
With the Sobakawa Buckwheat Pillow, you're never truly alone. Uh-oh, looks like the Predator's snuck in and he's spying on you! Oh, my goodness, and downstairs a burglar is torching your feathers, your foam, your cotton, and your buckwheat in a pan. Tonight is just not your night, it's a two-pronged assault, but the buckwheat's fine.
Yes, that's right. That army of Hershey's Kisses repels heat. It's cool and it's comfortable. Look at Mel Gibson take a little snooze on this bad boy. No one's cooler than Mel Gibson, and he likes the buckwheat pillow.
Incoming science experiment! Watch out, pussies! It's the egg test! Here's a fiber fill, a 10-pound dumbbell and some fucking murdered eggs. That's a failure. How about popular foam? Well, looks like it's not too popular anymore, now that the eggs are dead. I know what you're thinking: what about feathers? No chance! 10-pound dumbbell claims another victim. But the buckwheat stands strong: protects the eggs like it's the fucking president.
Now it's time for the Brunswick test. We dropped a bowling ball on a pillow on top of a glass table and that glass got shitted. Failure. Popular foam: failure. But then we put the Sobakawa on top of some bulletproof glass and there was no damage at all. That's a gutter ball. It never stood a chance against the bulletproof glass and buckwheat tag team.
Let's have a little recap: adjustable support, cools your head, lifetime guarantee, and did I mention the buckwheat?
Sobakawa? More like Sobaka-what are you waiting for? Order now!