I'm sure by now the majority of you know that I fucking love conspiracy theories. I love to just spread a conspiracy theory's cheeks wide open, as far as possible, and just dive in and get to the meat of it and really see what it's all about, see if maybe there's any truth to it. I just love it.
And luckily my nipples have been tickled thoroughly, thanks to a brand new conspiracy theory popping off online about Wayfair trafficking human beings, children, through their website. I haven't been this interested in a conspiracy theory since the Berenstain Bears vers the Berenstain Bears multiversal collapse theory. This is an incredible conspiracy theory and I can't wait to share it with all of you and present my findings. Spoiler alert: this is a pretty fucking wacky one. This one's like believing in reptilians, or believing that Jesus Christ died because of Fortnite or something. This one is fucking insane. So let's go ahead and start at the beginning. This conspiracy theory developed on the home of intellectuals: Reddit. It was blown open by someone on Reddit presenting some evidence that these expensive cabinets had names that matched missing children's reports. And from this, people started to just spiral out of control: wow, oh wow, this is fucked up, this is weird! Why are these cabinets so expensive, and why does it have the name of a missing child? And there's cabinets that look identical with different names on them that all correspond to a missing child report. And it's not just cabinets, there's also pillows that are like $10000 that also have the names that correspond to a missing child on them. And the question arose: well, why are they so expensive, and when there's other products similar to it, why are they like $30 vers the 10000 for this one pillow with this weird name on it? So people then started to connect the dots. They started to see the strings that hold the universe together and really piece together the truth, and they came to the conclusion that... people must be sex trafficking children through Wayfair! Obviously. As any rational conclusion would lead you to. And when I first heard it, I was like yeah, it's kind of fucking weird, right? Like, why are these cabinets so expensive? And a pillow? I'm not paying $10000 for a pillow unless it's coming with fifteen strippers or something, and a nice giant fucking birthday cake. I mean, why is it worth $10000? And then I decided to look into it today, and it goes deep. This is a fucking rabbit hole. I mean, Tom Hanks comes into play here. Tom Hanks is apparently like the Thanos of Wayfair sex trafficking. Like, it's weird.
So first and foremost: for those that don't know, Wayfair is a website where you can buy furniture and just like household shit. Typically it's supposed to be affordable things, but recently people noticed that there's this extremely expensive shit like this here, that has a name that matched a missing person. Or so they thought. It turns out the majority of the people that they've used in their examples in this conspiracy are children that have been found, and a lot of these kids, they themselves have come forward and said "hey, look, I'm not actually missing."
- And then he going to put his little... why is your caption even that? That don't even make sense. If you posting motherfuckers who actually missing, you trying to get motherfuckers to share this shit, what are y'all talking about? Y'all sound stupid, talking about why am I mad? Because I'm not missing. Fuck out of here.
Now, a lot of people in the comments on Twitter and on Instagram that I've seen were actually attacking the girl in the video I just showed you, saying that she must be in on it. You know, she must have just broken out of the cabinet she was sold in and is being forced at gunpoint to say these things, which is really weird to just start attacking her for being upset that people are perpetuating the idea that she was literally sold into sex slavery. That is a pretty fucking bold thing to say. That'd be something that'd make me mad if people were like "hey! Charl-- Charlie, I remember when he was 14 years old, he was sold into sex slavery". I'd be like hey, wait a minute. No, I wasn't. And that's kind of a mean thing to say. That just didn't happen. When people are so wrapped up in this conspiracy theory, they don't care that it was just outright disproven that this girl is not missing, nor she was sold in a cabinet. They just fall into this delusion and this crazy amount of denial where "that doesn't matter. No, no, no, no. See, in fact, this actually proves our point, because she's clearly being held on a UFO that ordered this cabinet from Wayfair, and now they're... they've mind controlled her to say these things, so obviously it proves that we're right" and all kinds of crazy bullshit. It's like a shitty B-movie plot. And it's not just this girl that was revealed to not be missing, nor has ever been, like, sold in a cabinet. A lot of the popular pictures that were circulating, you could look up those kids and then find stories about when they were found earlier. Like, they were never in a Wayfair, you know, shipment facility or anything like that, like this kid here with this pillow. People speculated that the pillow must not have any stuffing in it, it was stuffed with the kid's bones and blood. When it turns out, no, you know, this kid was found quite a while ago.
And now, just because a lot of the kids were found and were never shipped through the evil laboratory of Wayfair or anything like that, it didn't stop the conspiracy theory, that didn't halt it in its tracks, people still believed it. And that's fine. You know, maybe there was isolated cases like "oh, we were wrong here. That doesn't mean the whole thing's wrong. Just because these were false doesn't mean it's all false". But it does, because, I mean, you can actually prove exactly why it's all wrong. We won't even go into Wayfair's official statement, we'll get to that in a second, but let's just use some common sense here. I believe the statistic is 1250 missing kids are reported every day. Half a million every year. Something like that, in that general ballpark. That's a lot of fucking names. That's a ton of fucking names. You could probably find some like Xbox Live gamertag level names in a sample size that big, like fucking xXShadowSlayer went missing a year ago, and you can find like an xXShadowSlayer Wayfair pillow that's $9000, I bet. It's a lot of names is what I'm saying. So it's not impossible that these companies chose a random name that happened to correspond to someone who went missing. And a lot of them are very common names. There's a fucking... There's one that was circulating on Twitter that was Annabelle. Annabelle's a super fucking common name. And they just took that Annabelle listing of an expensive cabinet and matched it up with an Annabelle that was missing. You know, that's not a good connection. It's a very common name. That's clearly something that could happen on accident. But then there are those like really specific ones like I showed you with that boy and that pillow, but even that, that kid was found. He wasn't missing and he wasn't ever stuffed inside of a pillow, like some kind of crazy fucking Frankenstein experiment. He was just found. So it's not unfathomable that these random names they chose just coincided with kids that were missing at some point. But why were they so expensive? That's the biggest question. Why the fuck are these mediocre items so expensive? And I found the answer, or at least the answer the government, the man wants us to see, I suppose, if you still want to subscribe to the conspiracy. A lot of resellers, what they'll do when the item is out of stock, they jack the price up to an absurd level that they know nobody's going to try and buy, so that way they can keep it listed. As opposed to saying it's out of stock and taking it off listing, they jack the price up to hold its spot until it's back in stock and then they drop it back down. That's the tactic I saw a lot of people talking about that actually use... Wayfair. That's what they were saying is commonly done there. I think it's a dumb practice, and Wayfair themselves have cracked down on it, it seems. Wayfair's statement says, you know, that "obviously it's all wrong, but we did take these down because the names and the pictures don't exactly match why they're as expensive as they are and the practices" or some shit like that. It wasn't a great statement that did nothing to help their case and it being false. It just made it even more confusing, because they just took this shit down, which made a lot of people believe that Wayfair was admitting guilt and hiding something. But according to a lot of people that use Wayfair, it's not something uncommon, where they jack this price up to a point where no one's going to buy it, just so they can hold their listing. And that does make sense. It makes a lot more sense than fucking pedophiles using Wayfair to sex traffic children. Are there sex trafficking rings from like extremely wealthy powerful people? Abso-fucking-lutely, yeah, there's a ton of evidence to point to that, but I highly doubt they're operating through Wayfair. That's like saying these people are using, you know, fucking Twitch to start trafficking children through an XQC chat. You know, it doesn't make any sense. Why would they be using something like that to do some shit like that? They'd be using the dark web or something.
They wouldn't be going on fucking Wayfair, just in the public's eye, right under their nose, like some kind of comical supervillain, trying to fool everyone by doing everything in broad daylight. That just wouldn't happen. These are public listings. Someone could have accidentally ordered one of these expensive items. What's going to happen? They buy this cabinet, then all of a sudden, they have a kid shipped to them? They open the box and then bang, a kid pops out, and they just fucking jump scared "oh, whoa! Where's my cabinet?" That's just not how it would happen. In fact, I actually tried to test this myself. I went on Wayfair with every intention of buying one of those $10000 pillows that match the name of a missing kid and I was like "shit, this is going to be expensive as fuck. I'm either going to get a terrible pillow, or I'm going to save a kid's life. It's worth it". But I couldn't place the order because the fucking item didn't exist, which made me more convinced that yes, this is probably just a common practice where when the item isn't in stock and it's not there, they just jack the price up, hoping nobody places an order or tries to, and wait until it's back in stock to drop it back down, just so they don't lose listing.
This is another thing I saw developed today actually. A lot of people saying that the CEO of Wayfair has resigned. Well, the problem with that is it's not true. He hasn't resigned. There's no reports of him resigning. Unless this Twitter account right here is like, working with the, you know, NSA or some shit, the CIA, and he's got some insider information, then I don't know what to tell you, but according to every possible fucking source, the guy has not resigned. He is still the CEO of Wayfair. So this is just an outright lie.
Now we get to the main course. Everything I just told you about this conspiracy and all that shit - just an appetizer. Now it's time for the entrée. And trust me, it's not raw. This is coming out well done. Tom Hanks, the puppet master. Beloved actor? No. Demon. Fiend! Tom Hanks has been roped into all of this because of one old Instagram post: this right here. It's a picture of a glove next to some chalk that says "SRC USA" or something similar, that's what it looks like, and this post right here is a very suspicious one. Now admittedly, this is a weird fucking Instagram post. I don't know why Tom Hanks would just take a picture of a glove on the ground next to some fucking street chalk or anything like that, but its correlation, everything going on here. People, Reddit detectives, and Twitter experts, the analysts, they were able to crack the code. They realized if you typed in a lot of the item numbers onto a Russian search engine called Yandex, it brought up pictures of children. So if you typed in SRC USA and a bunch of numbers, it brings up pictures of children on a Russian search engine. So they speculated these were pictures of the kids that were being sold in those cabinets... or being sold with the cabinets. It varies depending on who you talk to on whether or not the kids were actually stuffed in the furniture, or just came with it or something as, you know, as like some kind of package deal, like batteries included or something. It varies on who you talk to, but that was the speculation, you know. You type in this shit, you do it on the Yandex, and you get an image of what you're buying or some shit like that. And Tom Hanks has this really weird picture that does have something that looks like it says SRC USA.
Except in this case, it goes so far above Tom Hanks it's laughable. This is bigger than Tom Hanks. This goes all the way to the top. This incriminates the construction and utility workers! You see, SRC USA is construction utility code for Underground Service Alert. It's to let other workers know that hey, at this location with these, you know, the white brackets in chalk there, you can see, there is something that runs underneath the pavement, whether it be a power line, cable, water, it doesn't matter, there's something running underneath there, so just be aware. You can find this shit marked on streets all over the place. It's not something unique to Tom Hanks. I don't think he went out there with sidewalk chalk and wrote SRC USA to brag, and then threw a glove on the ground. It's a stupid fucking picture, it's a weird, like, creepy little picture. The caption was like "give me a high five" or something, I don't know, it's a weird picture, you're not going to argue that, but that right there is just an extremely common thing that you can see... probably outside of your own house right now if you want to experiment. It's nothing unusual, because it's actual just construction utility code.
And that pretty much sums up Tom Hanks' involvement, because of that one Instagram post. I don't think it goes any deeper than that that I could find. But just because that's wrong, it doesn't mean the whole thing's wrong. I mean, Tom Hanks could still be this evil mastermind behind all of it, I don't know. He can pull in the strings, maybe he has equity in Wayfair, I couldn't tell you.
But in this case, I don't think Wayfair is selling human beings through their website. I don't think that's what's going on here, but again, just because everything about this conspiracy theory is wrong, doesn't mean their conspiracy theory is wrong, you know? It's 2020, baby! We believe anything, whether or not it's factually true or not. Who gives a fuck? And that's about it. See you.