The wacky world of fitness equipment is no stranger to shitty products like the Shake Weight, where they try and sell you on pseudoscience that just doesn't work, such as covering a dumbbell in eucalyptus oil, claiming that it'll penetrate your pores to give you the optimal pump - just ridiculous garbage. But what I found today is by far the worst invention of all time: it's called the Free Flexor.

This is not an ordinary workout. This is not boring. This you will not soon forget. You will build strength. You will get ripped...

When I first saw this ad, I thought it was a parody of the Shake Weight, but it turns out that it's completely real. This is quite literally a dog toy that they're twirling around. My dogs had this toy, but then tore it in half during a game of tug of war. And I can assure you they didn't get ripped from it, they don't have six packs now. Maybe they just weren't utilizing the circular twirling technology to its optimal efficiency.

...with the most dynamic fitness tool on the planet. The world's first flexing dumbbell is here. Free Flexor for men.

You're god damn right it's for men. In fact it could even be used by two men at the same time. It'd be like that scene in Requiem From A Dream going ass to ass here. It's a very versatile workout tool.
Now, anyone that's familiar with sex toys will immediately recognize this design: this is the standard blueprint for your double-ended dildo, or even, double butt plug, which I have here to demonstrate. So I don't even really need to buy the Free Flexor; I kind of have a bootleg version over here. While it's not officially licensed by the personal training experts at the Free Flexor headquarters, it'll still get the job done. Get a good pump going. Yeah, look at that technique, I'm fucking feeling it now. Whoop, getting a little wacky on it. Working all 500 muscles of the arm here. I can feel my biceps really getting bigger...feel myself getting taller too.

Standard weights only work one angle of the muscle in one direction. The Free Flexor works your muscles at every angle in every direction, for a more effective and complete workout.

There may be twenty dynamic workouts here, but you'll only need one, to realize that you've wasted your money. The only real use I could see for the Free Flexor is to identify an idiot from a distance. If you see this on their shelf, just know you're dealing with someone pretty fucking dumb.

The Free Flexor introduces and proves the theory of "Circular Strength Technology". The flexing weights at each end rotate with enough force to make your muscles contract as many as 300 times per minute.

"CST"? More like CBT, because this is more like a Cock and Ball Torture device.
Now I've got to tell you: after taking my knock off Free Flexor for a test drive, I can attest to the "Circular Strength Technology" being the real deal. I've never experienced a pump like that, I'm still burning from it. They say you have to confuse the muscles in order for them to grow, and I can assure you my muscles have never been so confused in the entire 26 years they've existed.

By spinning the weights at each end, you can create unlimited torque, unlimited tension. It will make your muscles cry.

Yeah, I think I'd rather get a vasectomy than use the Free Flexor. Some of the...the workouts here that they demonstrate are odd, such as the...the jack off technique. I don't really see how this motion with the Free Flexor is going to really develop anything, other than becoming extremely popular at your local glory hole. Like, I don't see what this would really work, but again, I haven't taken the actual Free Flexor through the...the experimental procedures that I'd like to, the scientific method, so perhaps, maybe that is like the actual holy grail of weightlifting. But I do think if you got two Free Flexors, you could have a really fun sword fight with your friends.

Finally you have the chance to take strength training to the next level, for only $39.95. Still not convinced? Just listen to what these guys had to say!
- Yeah, it's burning my whole arm now.
- Definitely...it's different kind of exercise. I've never felt anything like that.

Do you expect me to believe that, Gerard? You're a former pro athlete and you're telling me you haven't gotten a little playful with your teammates' penises in the locker room before?

It's the brand new all-in-one revolutionary way to build your biceps and triceps. Sculpt your chest and shoulders and light your forearms on fire.
- ****!
The Free Flexor was developed and tested by fitness professionals.

Imagine you're one of the poor souls in this infomercial here. You work extremely hard to have a great physique and you want to get into acting a little bit. Abercrombie and Fitch says no, Hollister is kind of going out of business so that's not really an option, but you finally land your dream job of acting, and it happens to be for the Free Flexor. That's just got to be the worst. I have no doubt their careers couldn't recover from this. They'd just check their resume, they'd see Free Flexor, and they just spit and toss that paper right into the trash.
But yeah, anyway, this is a crazy little product that I just wanted to share with all of you, and yeah, that's about it. See you.