Fortnite. Drake played it, which means if you play it, you'll be as cool as Drake. I don't need to explain what Fortnite is, because it's more than a game. It's a fucking movement. It's a way of life. Even if you've had your face buried in Comcast asshole and haven't had access to the Internet in the last eight months, you're still familiar with what Fortnite is. Prisoners probably don't even use cigarettes as currency anymore, they probably use V-Bucks. The game is beyond any game ever made. Now let's take a moment and just take a little bit of silence here to remember that a lot of people died before 2017. Jesus Christ didn't even make it to 2017. Everyone who died before 2017 did not get to experience the joy of Fortnite, and that is incredibly fucking sad. I honestly think we should change our dating system and move from AD and BC to BF, before Fortnite, and AF, after Fortnite. So we're in 2018 AF because we're after Fortnite, logically.
Now, I personally like the game. I think it's fun. I play the shit out of it, both on and off stream. But the best part about Fortnite isn't the game itself. It's the amazing content we've been blessed with on YouTube. The creative geniuses, the innovators, the visionaries, the masterminds have really been letting their creative juices just ooze out of every pore in their body, and they're producing some of the best content the Internet has ever seen, such as posting full uninterrupted matches of Fortnite: 20+ minutes, almost no commentary, definitely no jokes, and they might even lose the match in the end, but they post it three times a day and it's great.
And then you have the super savage litty-titty men that post like the great clickbait, like "I ride the meteor", or "Epic Games gives me Fortnite 3 early?", or like "my mom starts flicking her bean because she sees me playing Fortnite" with like a wacky crazy original thumbnail like 😱... Because it's just fucking mind-boggling. Like, why would their mom come in and start playing with her clitoris just because they're playing Fortnite in front of her? Like, is that the effect the game has on women? It's nuts. But by far, the best content that's come from Fortnite is the "1 kill = 1 remove piece of clothing" or "1 kill = 1 second of my girlfriend sucking on my peepee". Sometimes they'll call their girlfriend their sister if they want to appeal to the incest enthusiasts - it's actually quite a common trend - and that makes sense, because we like to appeal to the incest enthusiasts on YouTube, it's something that we welcome. And I just thought it'd be fun if we just went through and watch some of these "1 kill 1"s so that way we can all get a taste at what Fortnite has really blessed us with on YouTube.

Ah, here we go. This one seems interesting. "1 kill = 1 make out on Fortnite". I love to watch two goobers just trade spit. I can't wait for this sloppy make out.
What a beautiful intro. That takes us right back to 2008 montage era shit. This must be his first time with Windows Movie Maker.
Come on, God damn it. Get a kill. I need this. Please, I need to get off. Yes. Oh yeah. I'm fucking ready.
"Get on my game. Get on my game."
Stop fucking talking to her and make out with her!
"Get on my game."
Don't fucking tease me.
"I need to get loot first."
No, no, no, no, no loot, no loot. Just get to the action.
"Ready?"
I need to climax. Oh, I'm ready. Oh, I'm ready. I'm ready.
"Give me that."
Please. Oh yeah.
Ah. Oh. Oh yeah. God bless you, Fortnite.

"1 kill = 1x Ausscheißen". I don't speak German, I don't know what that means, but I'm excited to see some Ausscheißen.
"Jo, jetzt war's genau, willkommen zurück hier auf FaxxenTV. Für alle, die noch auf dem..."
What's fucking crazy is I don't even need to understand German to know exactly what he just said right there. It's like douchebag is a universal language. I guarantee you it was something about smashing that like button and ringing the bell.
Oh, ugh! What is that, clothes that she's wearing? You're going to make a 2018 Fortnite YouTube video and you bring a girl with clothes on? What is this, fucking amateur hour? You fucking kidding me? You're not going to exploit her for views right away? No no, I'm getting to the end here. There's definitely got to be some tits coming out.
"Ich darf nicht gucken? Okay, ich darf nicht gucken." "Whoa whoa whoa whoa, stopp stopp stopp stopp, nein nein nein."
No, don't stop, no! Oh, I didn't get my little wiener off in time! I came for some fucking Ausscheißen, and all I get is an Ouch Blue Balls! Ugh, she only got down to sports bra! That's all these Fortnite "1 kill 1 remove piece of clothing till nude", that's as far as they go. They never show me the boobies, the magic milk tanks. I'm glad that YouTube lifted the ban on clickbait, so that way clickbait's alive and well out here.

"..."
What the fuck? These kids don't look 18 or older! There's no fucking way this is legal. Are you fucking kidding me? If these kids are 18 or older, I'll eat Tom Brady's jockstrap, if he...if he lets me. I don't think Tom Brady would want me eating that, but if he lets me eat it, and they're above 18, I'll fuck-- I'll just gobble that shit down. Let's google this.
This doesn't bode well: the first auto suggestion is "morgz age". I think I'm absolutely right, he's not 18. Yep, fucking called it: 16! I'm just going to assume his girlfriend is the same age, which means that this video they posted is quite literally, by a lot of definitions, child pornography. I'm not going to watch it, clearly. Maybe it's like a big joke video, but is... you're going to use child pornography as your fucking clickbait? Man, that's making one fucking statement. And it's a recommended video from YouTube, so that's...that's...yikes.

"Guys, I got to run, guys, I don't..."
This perpetually congested insufferable asshole makes consistently the worst content on the entire site. I've never watched one of his videos from beginning to end, and I don't think I ever will. They're just too fucking awful to sit through. It's no surprise he's hopping on this popular trend. But there's really nothing more that can be said about ricegum that hasn't been said about a shit-filled toilet in a dilapidated gas station. But maybe I'm "just a hater who needs to get some clout", as his legion of brain-dead zombie eight-year-olds always say in the comments to anyone that insults their messiah. Because they live vicariously through his success. Just a little newsflash: just because he makes a lot of money, doesn't mean you do by watching him. It's okay to criticize him.

"Battle royale ninja. Hey guys..."
Now we're fucking cooking! Losing clothes and ninja gameplay? This girl's going to be butt-ass naked, super turbo naked with the amount of kills ninja gets per game, holy shit! Well, but where's ninja?
"What's up? It's Affaf. You guys, Fort--"
"..."
"Maybe once I..."
Maybe once you stop fucking lying to me. You said there would be ninja and...and removing clothing, but look at how much clothing you're still in. And you didn't even have ninja there. You just took clothing off watching a ninja clip. It's the stupidest shit I've seen in a while. Man, that is not only taking the trend, but it's making it even worse and more low-effort. At least, at the very least, the other awful fucking YouTubers hopping on this trend had to play the game... Uh, she didn't even have to do that. She just started taking some clothes off, minimal amount of clothes off, by watching someone else who has played the game before. That's amazing.

Wow, look at this thumbnail, this guy's about to lick some ass crack! Oh my god. He's licking...! Oh! He just licked cleavage! Oh, this is a... this is a wholesome intro. This is kind of like a Full House type of intro type shit, or like a '90s sitcom intro. This is so cool. But start licking some ass, please!
"Okay, ready? You know what I'm saying? I've got to make sure I got a good lick in. Okay, so that's two things you've got to remove." "Oh." "I got two kills." "Oh no."
At first I thought that bucket he was handing her was for her to puke in, which would have been very considerate, but it's not, spoiler alert.
"..."
At first I honestly didn't think he was going to lick ass cheeks, because usually, a thumbnail like that, it's not in the video, it's just to draw some prepubescent kids in that are trying to jerk off... but he actually straight licked some cheeks. Hats off to him, that wasn't clickbait. Horrible content nonetheless, but it wasn't clickbait. He straight licked some cheeks. ...Fuck yeah. Good for him. But yeah. I hope you've had your eyes open to all the beautiful gifts Fortnite has bestowed upon the Internet community, and uh, I think I speak for all of us when I say: thank you, Fortnite. And tha-