If atheists came from Christians, then why are there still Christians?
Why do atheists still believe we evolved from a cow?
Funeral for an atheist?
ATHEISTS ONLY, why?
Does God charge atheists to go to heaven?
Are Atheists demons disguised as humans??
Atheists, where do rainbows come from? -- Best Answer: Atheists, who painted the sky blue? Atheists, why is my body changing?
If all babies are born Atheists, then there's no intelligence required to be one?
What is the atheist god like?
Are atheists immortal?
Is a successful atheist successful?
Atheist POWER! What does Atheist mean?
Atheists, why am I experiencing heart burn!? -- I heard on the internet atheists know
Why would Atheists eat babies?
How often do Atheists watch Atheist TV or read Atheist news paper?
How do atheists baptize new converts? -- Christians baptize them with holy water or by drowning them in a river. / But how do atheists baptize new atheist converts?
How did atheists know that other atheists existed in the world outside of their little family and friends?
Atheists, how can a tomato exist but not god? -- Think about that one, Atheists.
Do atheists really drink christian blood every full moon?
Can an atheist be attacked by prayer...?
Why are atheists so warm and snuggly?
Atheist, Why are we so fat?
Do atheist love spaghetti? -- Do you have to be an atheist to believe in spaghetti?
Do atheists pop their zits?
Do I have to sacrifice a black cat in order to Atheist?
Why are atheists opposed to male birth control pills?
Are atheists the citizens of Athens? -- Just trying to figure out this atheist thing.
Are atheists racist against christians because their green?
Why are atheist vans always crashing? If there is not God ??? -- Update: Also atheist air planes and atheist bicycles??
What's the difference between an Atheist and an Extreme Atheist? -- 'Cause I was talking to this dude, and I said "Are you atheist?", and he's like "No I'm Extreme atheist"
Christians, Do atheists have legs? -- According to atheists, whales do have legs but do atheists have legs?
Atheists who should I invite to my dinner party?
Why do atheists flush atheists down the toilet when they use the bathroom, and cut atheists in half when they mow the grass? -- After the judgement atheists will be flushed into the lake of fire, splattering like screaming diarrhea.
Atheists why don't you accept defeat? -- You keep claiming there's a god but where is he? Stupid atheists -- Best Answer: Yep that's me, stupid god loving atheist.